bring it down are you dying foreign all
right let's go
first up we have adam
[Music]
what are electrical jokes and puns let's
have a look what kind of cars does an
electrician drive
a volkswagen that's banging my
background is quite a
masculine background a sparky
boxing but i love singing love songs
doesn't add
lovely to meet you up can i come over
and give you a kiss
oh
hello how are you hello oh oh hello nice
to meet you
oh wow kisses all happy to meet you
yeah it's getting hot another colour
it's been a while right
you remind us a bit of jt back in the
90s
yeah i don't know who that is justin
timberlake
do you know who and sync are no oh my
god this makes us feel so old
do you know baby
we're really excited to see form so
let's see what you've got cool
thank you
i'm waiting on i'm saving
all my precious time
resigned to faith
fading away so tell me can you
turn around and i need someone
to tell me now
[Music]
i wish that i was good enough
this is you this is me this is all
in me is it true but i
i can't believe this is you
this is me this is all we need
so won't you stay
[Music]
my
[Applause]
you're very good at eye contact aren't
you yeah yeah you know how to stare a
girl out
it's good though it tells you that you
you've got confidence and you've got
good stage presence
i'm just so happy that your vocals were
on point as well i feel like you're a
little bit shaky sometimes
i'm standing in front of little mix ah
good answer
all right the way this works you need
three yeses
to get through to the band room so i'm
gonna kick it off
it's a definite yes for me
[Music]
yeah i think it's about time people saw
you as more of a singer
and appreciated you for that and this is
the easy easiest yes
yes for me thank you very much okay so
obviously you need three yeses
i really want you to work hard on the
vocals
but it's a yes from me thank you very
much you've got four yeses
yeah thank you so much we're the first
person in our band room so
head on down
he's such a heartbreaker if you were to
put a boy band member on paper that is
it he's perfect perfect
come on
oh
[Music]
foreign